README.md, before:

# TODO-Organizer

![Build](https://github.com/rosjoa/TODO-Organizer/workflows/Build/badge.svg)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/jetbrains/plugin/v/MARKETPLACE_ID.svg)](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/MARKETPLACE_ID)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/jetbrains/plugin/d/MARKETPLACE_ID.svg)](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/MARKETPLACE_ID)

## Template ToDo list
- [x] Create a new [IntelliJ Platform Plugin Template][template] project.
- [ ] Get familiar with the [template documentation][template].
- [ ] Adjust the [pluginGroup](./gradle.properties) and [pluginName](./gradle.properties), as well as the [id](./src/main/resources/META-INF/plugin.xml) and [sources package](./src/main/kotlin).
- [ ] Adjust the plugin description in `README` (see [Tips][docs:plugin-description])
- [ ] Review the [Legal Agreements](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/docs/marketplace/legal-agreements.html?from=IJPluginTemplate).
- [ ] [Publish a plugin manually](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/docs/intellij/publishing-plugin.html?from=IJPluginTemplate) for the first time.
- [ ] Set the `MARKETPLACE_ID` in the above README badges. You can obtain it once the plugin is published to the marketplace.
- [ ] Set the [Plugin Signing](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/docs/intellij/plugin-signing.html?from=IJPluginTemplate) related [secrets](https://github.com/JetBrains/intellij-platform-plugin-template#environment-variables).
- [ ] Set the [Deployment Token](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/docs/marketplace/plugin-upload.html?from=IJPluginTemplate).
- [ ] Click the <kbd>Watch</kbd> button on the top of the [IntelliJ Platform Plugin Template][template] to be notified about releases containing new features and fixes.

<!-- Plugin description -->
This Fancy IntelliJ Platform Plugin is going to be your implementation of the brilliant ideas that you have.

This specific section is a source for the [plugin.xml](/src/main/resources/META-INF/plugin.xml) file which will be extracted by the [Gradle](/build.gradle.kts) during the build process.

To keep everything working, do not remove `<!-- ... -->` sections. 
<!-- Plugin description end -->

## Installation

- Using the IDE built-in plugin system:
  
  <kbd>Settings/Preferences</kbd> > <kbd>Plugins</kbd> > <kbd>Marketplace</kbd> > <kbd>Search for "TODO-Organizer"</kbd> >
  <kbd>Install</kbd>
  
- Manually:

  Download the [latest release](https://github.com/rosjoa/TODO-Organizer/releases/latest) and install it manually using
  <kbd>Settings/Preferences</kbd> > <kbd>Plugins</kbd> > <kbd>⚙️</kbd> > <kbd>Install plugin from disk...</kbd>


---
Plugin based on the [IntelliJ Platform Plugin Template][template].

[template]: https://github.com/JetBrains/intellij-platform-plugin-template
[docs:plugin-description]: https://plugins.jetbrains.com/docs/intellij/plugin-user-experience.html#plugin-description-and-presentation

Commit message:

Added code that looks for all TODO comments, displays them in the tool window and if TODO is selected, we open the file containing it by moving the pointer to where TODO is located in the file

README.md, after:

# TODO-Organizer

<!-- Plugin description -->
This plugin allows us to organize all project TODO comments in one place or window.
When TODO is selected in the window, the IDE will open the file containing this 
TODO and move the cursor pointing to it.
<!-- Plugin description end -->

## Installation

- Using the IDE built-in plugin system:
  
  <kbd>Settings/Preferences</kbd> > <kbd>Plugins</kbd> > <kbd>Marketplace</kbd> > <kbd>Search for "TODO-Organizer"</kbd> >
  <kbd>Install</kbd>
  
- Manually:

  Download the [latest release](https://github.com/rosjoa/TODO-Organizer/releases/latest) and install it manually using
  <kbd>Settings/Preferences</kbd> > <kbd>Plugins</kbd> > <kbd>⚙️</kbd> > <kbd>Install plugin from disk...</kbd>


---
Plugin based on the [IntelliJ Platform Plugin Template][template].

[template]: https://github.com/JetBrains/intellij-platform-plugin-template
[docs:plugin-description]: https://plugins.jetbrains.com/docs/intellij/plugin-user-experience.html#plugin-description-and-presentation
